README.md, before:

# winston-cloudwatch <br />
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch)<br />[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch.svg)](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch) [![dev dependencies](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch#info=devDependencies) [![peer dependencies](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch/peer-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch#info=peerDependencies)
==================

Send logs to Amazon Cloudwatch using Winston.

## Installing

```sh
$ npm install --save winston winston-cloudwatch
```

## Configuring

AWS configuration works using `~/.aws/credentials` as written in [AWS JavaScript SDK guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/guide/node-configuring.html#Setting_AWS_Credentials).

As specified [in the docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/guide/node-configuring.html#Setting_the_Region)

 > The AWS SDK for Node.js doesn't select the region by default.
 
so you should take care of that. See the examples below.

## Usage

Please refer to [AWS CloudWatch Logs documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_PutLogEvents.html) for possible contraints that might affect you.
Also have a look at [AWS CloudWatch Logs limits](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/DeveloperGuide/cloudwatch_limits.html).

```js
var winston = require('winston'),
  options = {
    logGroupName: 'your-log-group',
    logStreamName: 'your-log-stream'
  };
winston.add(require('winston-cloudwatch'), options);

winston.error('log this', { and: 'this too' });
```

The default level is `info`, you could override that, to `silly` for example, like so:

```js
var winston = require('winston'),
  options = {
    level: 'silly',
    logGroupName: 'your-log-group',
    logStreamName: 'your-log-stream'
  };
winston.add(require('winston-cloudwatch'), options);

winston.error('log this', { and: 'this too' });
```

If you want you could pass AWS keys as options, like so:

```js
var winston = require('winston'),
  options = {
    logGroupName: 'your-log-group',
    logStreamName: 'your-log-stream',
    awsAccessKeyId: 'your-access-key-id',
    awsSecretKey: 'your-secret-key',
    awsRegion: 'your-region'
  };
winston.add(require('winston-cloudwatch'), options);

winston.error('log this', { and: 'this too' });
```

Please refer to [the provided example](https://github.com/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch/blob/master/test/example.js) for more hints.

Commit message:

version bump, docs for group/stream creation

README.md, after:

# winston-cloudwatch <br />
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch)<br />[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch.svg)](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch) [![dev dependencies](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch#info=devDependencies) [![peer dependencies](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch/peer-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch#info=peerDependencies)
==================

Send logs to Amazon Cloudwatch using Winston.

## Installing

```sh
$ npm install --save winston winston-cloudwatch
```

## Configuring

AWS configuration works using `~/.aws/credentials` as written in [AWS JavaScript SDK guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/guide/node-configuring.html#Setting_AWS_Credentials).

As specified [in the docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/guide/node-configuring.html#Setting_the_Region)

 > The AWS SDK for Node.js doesn't select the region by default.
 
so you should take care of that. See the examples below.

If either the group or the stream do not exist they will be created for you.

## Usage

Please refer to [AWS CloudWatch Logs documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatchLogs/latest/APIReference/API_PutLogEvents.html) for possible contraints that might affect you.
Also have a look at [AWS CloudWatch Logs limits](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/DeveloperGuide/cloudwatch_limits.html).

```js
var winston = require('winston'),
  options = {
    logGroupName: 'your-log-group',
    logStreamName: 'your-log-stream'
  };
winston.add(require('winston-cloudwatch'), options);

winston.error('log this', { and: 'this too' });
```

The default level is `info`, you could override that, to `silly` for example, like so:

```js
var winston = require('winston'),
  options = {
    level: 'silly',
    logGroupName: 'your-log-group',
    logStreamName: 'your-log-stream'
  };
winston.add(require('winston-cloudwatch'), options);

winston.error('log this', { and: 'this too' });
```

If you want you could pass AWS keys as options, like so:

```js
var winston = require('winston'),
  options = {
    logGroupName: 'your-log-group',
    logStreamName: 'your-log-stream',
    awsAccessKeyId: 'your-access-key-id',
    awsSecretKey: 'your-secret-key',
    awsRegion: 'your-region'
  };
winston.add(require('winston-cloudwatch'), options);

winston.error('log this', { and: 'this too' });
```

Please refer to [the provided example](https://github.com/lazywithclass/winston-cloudwatch/blob/master/test/example.js) for more hints.
